Add step-by-step explanation for plugin install flow (#3599)
openbao/openbao: website/content/docs/plugins/index.mdx

providers, and Key Management Service (KMS) providers. This concept allows both
built-in and external plugins to be treated like building blocks and to keep the
OpenBao core small.

A plugin is uniquely identified by its type (one of `secret`, `auth`,
`database`, or `kms`), name (e.g. `kv`), and version (e.g `v1.0.0`). An empty
version implies either the built-in plugin or the single unversioned plugin that
can be registered.
Auth method and secrets engine plugin can exist at multiple different mount paths.
Different versions of a plugin may be at each location, with each version differing from OpenBao's version.

To use a plugin, an operator needs to:

1. Install the plugin.
1. Register the plugin with OpenBao.
1. Mount/enable the plugin.
1. Configure the plugin.

## Plugin installation

### Built-in plugins

Built-in plugins are compiled into the `bao` binary and can be used directly.
No installation or upgrade is needed.
Built-in plugins cover commonly used integrations, such as the `kv` secrets engine.

### External plugins

External plugins are completely separate, standalone binaries
that OpenBao executes and communicates with over gRPC.

> They are not shipped with OpenBao and must be downloaded separatedly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are not shipped in the main OpenBao binary and must be downloaded separately.
```

External plugins maintained by the OpenBao project are available from the
[openbao-plugins](https://github.com/openbao/openbao-plugins) repository.
To learn how to create your own plugins, visit the [developer guide](plugin-development.mdx).

See the [plugin installation guide](plugin-installation.mdx) for how to install external plugins.

## Plugin upgrade

Built-in plugins don't need to be upgraded separatedly (because they are part of the OpenBao binary).
See the [plugin upgrade guide](../upgrading/plugins.mdx) for how to upgrade external plugins.

## Plugin registration

> Plugins need to be "registered" so that OpenBao knows about them.

Reviewer 2: (nit)
```suggestion
Plugins need to be _registered_ so that OpenBao knows about them.
```

Built-in plugins are registered by default.

> The metadata of registered plugins is persisted in OpenBao's storage backend in the so-called "plugin catalog".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metadata of registered plugins is persisted in OpenBao's storage backend in the plugin catalog.
```

This means that OpenBao must be unsealed before these plugins can be used.

> Therefore, `kms` plugins cannot be (and need not be) registered (since they must be available in a sealed state).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kms` plugins cannot be (and need not be) registered since they must be available in a sealed state.
```

External plugins can be registered with OpenBao in up to two ways, depending on
the plugin type:

1. **Declarative:**

>    All plugin types can be statically declared via OpenBao's server configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can statically declare any type of plugin, using OpenBao's server configuration file.
```

Author: I know that passive voice is discouraged by many tech writing style guides. But in this case and in its sister case https://github.com/openbao/openbao/pull/3599#discussion_r3667962032 I find the passive version shorter and easier to read.

>    This is the **preferred,** modern approach.

Reviewer 2: (nit)
```suggestion
   This is the approach that the OpenBao project recommends you use.
```

Author: I prefer the shorter version.

Generally, I'm also not a fan of the phrase "the OpenBao project recommends" (here and elsewhere). It is long and unwieldy ("Microsoft recommends ..." is much shorter, lucky for them). From the context (this is openbao.org) it is clear that "the OpenBao project" is the entity that is making a statement/recommendation.

Reviewer 2: It's a minor thing. Happy for this to be resolved.

   To declare a plugin, edit your config file as follows:

   1. Add a [`plugin` stanza](../configuration/plugins.mdx)
   1. Add `plugin_auto_register = true`

>    1. If you are using an OCI plugin: Add `plugin_auto_download  = true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If you are using an OCI-distributed plugin: Add `plugin_auto_download  = true`
```

>    1. If you are using an OCI-distributed plugin: Add `plugin_auto_download  = true`

Reviewer 2: Is this always required? Could you pull the artefact first (eg: air gapped deployment)?

Could you extract it using an external tool?

(the nuance may be too niche to make it worth covering)

Author: Yes, you can manually download it with [`bao plugin init`](https://openbao.org/docs/commands/plugin/init/). This is covered in the previous subsection (_Plugin installation_). Since this subsection is about _Plugin registration_, I prefer to keep it concise and only mention the recommended path (which is auto-download).

Reviewer 2: Sure.

   When configured like this, OpenBao automatically downloads and/or registers the plugins
   when the server starts or when a SIGHUP is received.

1. **API-driven:**

>    Plugin types `auth`, `database`, `secret` can be registered by calling the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Plugin types `auth`, `database`, `secret` can alternatively be registered by calling the API.
```

Reviewer: To make it clear that this is an alternative to the above.

>    Plugin types `auth`, `database`, `secret` can alternatively be registered by calling the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For the plugin types `auth`, `database` and `secret` you can can alternatively register them using the OpenBao API.
```

>    This requires OpenBao to be unsealed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This requires OpenBao to be unsealed and a token with sufficient permission be available.
```

>    This requires OpenBao to be unsealed and a token with sufficient permission be available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can only register a plugin via the API if OpenBao is unsealed, and provided you are authorized to
   perform the registration.
```

Can plugin registration be gated behind a control group? Might be worth mentioning; it's a privileged operation.

Author: Idk, that's a question for the maintainers. If yes, it is available in a stable release?

Reviewer: It can be, but Control Groups are not yet in a stable release (v2.7.0 isn't yet out, due September).

Reviewer: We're probably not likely to backport to existing docs versions, given how extensive it is, so I'd perhaps be fine adding a mention to control groups if we wanted. It already landed in the main branch.

Author: I need to read up to learn how control groups work to write a good sentence. Can you propose something? Or maybe we move it to a separate MR?

Reviewer 2: How about adding “you can use **control groups** to ensure that plugin registration via the API requires additional approval”.

? (and make “control groups” a hyperlink)

   ```shell-session

>    $ bao plugin register -sha256=<hex of plugin binary> secret passthrough-plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   $ bao plugin register -sha256=<hex digest of plugin binary> secret passthrough-plugin
``

   Success! Registered plugin: passthrough-plugin
   ```

The [`plugin list`](../commands/plugin/list.mdx) command lists all available plugins.

## Plugin mounting

After the plugin is registered, it can be mounted by specifying the registered

> plugin name:

Reviewer 2: Do all plugins need to be mounted?

Author: No. I've added a table to give an overview.

```shell-session
$ bao secrets enable -path=my-secrets passthrough-plugin
Success! Enabled the passthrough-plugin secrets engine at: my-secrets/
```

Listing secrets engines will display secrets engines that are mounted as
plugins:

```shell-session
$ bao secrets list
Path         Type       Accessor            Plugin              Default TTL  Max TTL  Force No Cache  Replication Behavior  Description
my-secrets/  plugin     plugin_deb84140     passthrough-plugin  system       system   false           replicated
```

Disabling an external plugins is identical to disabling a built-in plugin:

```shell-session
$ bao secrets disable my-secrets

> ```

Reviewer 3: I'd skip this section since it only applies to auth & secrets plugins, and really falls under configuration as referenced more generally below.
